[docs] Improve styled-components integration (#28713)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/guides/styled-engine/styled-engine.md

- `@mui/styled-engine-sc` - a similar wrapper around `styled-components`.

These two packages implement the same interface, which makes it possible to replace one with the other.
By default, `@mui/material` has `@mui/styled-engine` as a dependency, but you can configure your bundler to replace it with `@mui/styled-engine-sc`.

### yarn

> If you are using yarn, you can configure it using a package alias:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using yarn, you can configure it using a package resolution:
```

 }
```

### npm

> As the package aliases do not work with npm at this moment, you need to update you bundler's config to add this alias. Here is an example of how you can do it, if you use `webpack`:

Reviewer 2: It seems like this should work from npm v6.9? https://npm.community/t/release-npm-6-9-0/5911

Author: It doesn't work. See https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/pull/27917, we needed to revert the changes for it.

> As the package aliases do not work with npm at this moment, you need to update you bundler's config to add this alias. Here is an example of how you can do it, if you use `webpack`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As package resolutions are not available in npm at this moment, you need to update you bundler's config to add this alias. Here is an example of how you can do it, if you use `webpack`:
```

**webpack.alias.js**

```diff
 module.exports = {
   //...
+  resolve: {
+    alias: {
+      '@mui/styled-engine': '@mui/styled-engine-sc'
+    },
+  },
 };
```

> If you are using TypeScript, you will need to also update the `tsconfig`.

Reviewer 2: Seems like the TypeScript docs refer to the config as TSConfig: https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig

```suggestion
If you are using TypeScript, you will need to also update the TSConfig.
```
